a web exclusive I drove a savage
ex-footballer third-most book play in a
Premier League
most book player of all time in all
leagues now a Sony award-winning ready
to presenter and TV pundit
I was stuck in the left of anybody I
think he'll be Joe Calzaghe Lee because
people have said him on the pitch you
know or off the pitch I could cause an
argument in a foam box so at least if
Joe was in the left nobody else could
get in you know he could knock me out
there was a film in my life I'd probably
have the Barbra Streisand play it
because she looks very similar to me
the last music album I bought was or
download it was head candy and with some
quite fancy music I'm nothing head candy
is quite piano a saxophone e and I quite
like him I've got a secret house no I've
got nothing no talent a little talent I
could play all sports ops I've got an
eye for a ball and I could play golf I
can play tennis I can play pool snooker
cricket but other than that I'm not very
domesticated I'm useless everything else
basically that was false